Export a node and its subtree as GitHub-Flavored Markdown with :meth:`~turbohtml.Node.to_markdown`, a single C tree walk
that covers the common ``scrape`` → ``Markdown`` pipeline without a second dependency. It maps headings, paragraphs,
ordered and unordered (and nested) lists, links, images, ``*``/``**`` emphasis and ``~~`` strikethrough, inline code and
fenced code blocks (with the language from a ``language-*`` class), blockquotes, horizontal rules, line breaks, and pipe
tables, collapsing runs of whitespace the way CSS normal flow does. Whitespace is settled with a deferred-space rule and
the emphasis markers are deferred too, so a space inside ``<b> bold </b>`` lands outside the ``**`` instead of producing
invalid Markdown; plain prose is bulk-copied after its first character. Three things the reference converters get wrong
are correct here: an inline code span grows its backtick fence past any backticks in the content, a ``|`` inside a table
cell is escaped, and a nested ordered list keeps its own counter. The walk holds no state outside its stack frame and
takes the per-tree critical section, so it is safe under the free-threaded build.

Keyword options cover the markdownify and html2text configuration surface with one name per concept, so a project
migrating off either reproduces its output: heading style (ATX, closed ATX, setext), bullet and emphasis and quote
markers, reference vs inline links with autolinking, image alt/ignore modes, ignored links/emphasis/tables, fenced or
indented or marked code blocks, padded and stripped tables, three escaping levels, single vs double block spacing, and
document trimming. ``google_doc=True`` adds html2text's Google-Docs mode, reading the inline-CSS styling such an export
carries: a bold/italic font weight or style becomes ``strong``/``emphasis``, a fixed-width font becomes inline code,
``list-style-type`` picks the marker, ``margin-left`` over ``google_list_indent`` pixels sets list nesting, and
``hide_strikethrough`` drops struck text. The :doc:`migration <migration>` guide maps each old option to its turbohtml
name.

A companion :meth:`~turbohtml.Node.to_text` exports layout-aware plain text, the role `inscriptis
<https://github.com/weblyzard/inscriptis>`_ fills: blocks separated by blank lines, lists indented under their bullets,
and -- most visibly -- tables laid out as a column-aligned grid, all in the same single C walk. Options control link
display (hidden, inline, or numbered footnotes), image alt text, the CSS profile, the table cell separator, the bullet,
and an optional word-wrap width.

:meth:`~turbohtml.Node.to_annotated_text` adds inscriptis's annotation role: given an ``annotation_rules`` mapping it
returns the rendered text together with ``(start, end, label)`` spans over its code-point offsets, so a labeling or
information-extraction pipeline keeps the visual layout and the markup-derived labels in one pass. Rule keys take the
inscriptis ``tag``, ``tag#attr``, ``tag#attr=value``, ``#attr`` and ``#attr=value`` forms, and every ``to_text`` option
applies.
