:func:`turbohtml.parse` no longer mojibakes two common inputs. Bytes that are valid UTF-8 but declare no encoding now
decode as UTF-8 rather than reaching the windows-1252 fallback. Validity is a structural proof rather than a frequency
guess, so it costs none of the candidate scoring ``detect_encoding=True`` adds, and pure ASCII still resolves to
windows-1252, which decodes it to the same text. A ``<meta>`` charset sitting past the prescan's 1024-byte window now
redoes the parse against what it declares, following the WHATWG "changing the encoding while parsing" step, so where the
declaration sits in the document no longer changes the answer. Only a real ``<meta>`` element counts, so a charset
written inside a ``<script>`` string cannot pose as one, and a byte-order mark or the ``encoding`` argument still
settles the encoding.

:attr:`turbohtml.Document.encoding_confidence` reports which step answered: ``"certain"`` when the document named its
own encoding through a byte-order mark, the ``encoding`` argument, or a ``<meta>`` charset, ``"tentative"`` when the
sniff guessed, and ``None`` for ``str`` input. :func:`turbohtml.detect.detect` reads bytes and has no tree to consult,
so on a document whose only ``<meta>`` sits past the prescan window it stops at the prescan and can disagree with
:func:`turbohtml.parse`.

:attr:`turbohtml.Document.errors` reports every parse error the WHATWG tokenizer defines. It carried 8 of the 48 codes
the algorithm names, so ``a\x00b`` and a malformed ``<!DOCTYPE>`` both parsed without a word. turbohtml now reports the
other 45, along with the preprocessing errors a control, noncharacter, or surrogate code point raises by being in the
input at all, interleaved with the tokenizer's in source order. Reading :attr:`~turbohtml.Document.errors` is what finds
the preprocessing ones, so a parse that never asks for them does not pay to look. ``strict=True`` therefore raises on
documents it used to accept, and :class:`turbohtml.IncrementalParser` keeps no source to walk, so it reports none of
them. Nothing gated the ``errors`` arrays the vendored ``html5lib-tests`` tokenizer suite carries; they now gate the
codes and their order on all 7032 cases, and the line and column on every BMP-only input.
