The encoding detector ignored the domain the bytes came from. chardetng, which ``_c/encoding/detect.h`` ports, takes the
host's rightmost DNS label and reads it three ways: the encoding that label expects gains a point, the encodings native
to it keep their score, and the rest pay a penalty. The port dropped all three, so turbohtml scored a Czech page served
from a ``.ru`` domain the same as one served from ``.cz``. :class:`turbohtml.detect.Detection` now carries a ``tld``
field that reaches the scoring, and leaving it unset detects as before. A differential test runs both implementations
over all 133 labels chardetng's classifier carries.

:class:`turbohtml.detect.EncodingDetector` no longer buffers the stream. It appended every chunk to a ``bytearray`` and
detected once over the concatenation at :meth:`~turbohtml.detect.EncodingDetector.close`, so a caller streaming a large
file paid its length in memory, in a class documented as mirroring chardet's ``UniversalDetector``. Each candidate now
carries its own state between feeds, and the only bytes the detector keeps are the leading 1024 the byte-order-mark
check and the ``<meta>`` prescan read, which the spec bounds. Where the chunks fall does not change the answer: the
stateful detector is the only implementation, so :func:`turbohtml.detect.detect` drives it with a single feed and the
differential test against chardetng covers the scoring both paths share.

A four-byte gb18030 sequence that resolved to no code point returned an error without naming the byte that caused it,
leaving ``error_at`` at whatever the previous error had set. Reading a whole buffer at once never noticed, because the
value that means "the input ended mid-sequence" is only ever set at the end. A resumed decoder did notice, and so would
:class:`turbohtml.IncrementalParser`, which tells "wait for more input" from "this input is wrong" by that same value.
